what's up movie lovers i'm your host
patrick and today we're going to take a
look at the 2019 spanish horror film
called the influence at the beginning of
the movie we see a small family alicia
michael and their daughter laura we
learned that they're all going to
alicia's childhood house which alicia
had left years ago she's now returning
to the house as her mother victoria has
gone into a coma and she needs to care
for her at the house the family is
greeted by sarah alicia's sister who had
called her back to the house to help
take care of their mother alicia goes
upstairs to victoria's room where they
meet anna victoria's nurse who takes
care of their mother for six hours daily
since alicia is also a nurse she decides
to take care of victoria during the time
anne is not here for her alicia seems to
be very distant from her mother and has
no feelings of love or affection for her
she even refuses to call her mom and
calls her by her name instead alicia
tells sarah that they shouldn't shift
their mother to the hospital as the
house is not a suitable place to take
care of a comatose person sarah however
tells her that they cannot do that as
victoria asked not to be moved from the
house in their will later while they're
sitting at the table downstairs alicia
tells her sister that she never wanted
to return to this house and has only
come back for her sake sarah then tells
her sister that her mother has been in a
coma for a month now before that she had
locked herself in their room and stayed
there for three years during her last
days before the coma victoria had
started screaming frequently and kept
talking about death in the following
days nora has a dream in which she sees
a girl get up from victoria's side in
her bed nora wakes up immediately after
this she then sees a dog in the house
and follows it to a room where numerous
dusty old things are kept she finds a
strange locket among the things which
has a spider on it and keeps it behind
her we can see the girl she saw in her
dream michael then comes to the room and
takes nora out after she leaves the
sewing machine starts on its own after
alicia goes to the hospital and nora
goes to school michael who's an
electrician starts looking around the
house for things that might need to be
fixed while wandering around the house
he comes across a room in which he finds
several strange things related to
witchcraft after that michael goes into
victoria's room and starts talking to
the comatose woman saying he had already
heard from his daughter that she is a
witch and now he believes her after
seeing her things victoria suddenly
opens an eye at this staring right at
michael terrified he gets out of the
room and goes downstairs anna later
tells him that it's normal for a
comatose person to do that due to
reflexes later that day the lawyer comes
to their house to read victoria's will
victoria's brother and his son fran also
come to their house to hear victoria's
will when fran waves at nora she notices
that he's missing a finger the lawyer
then reads victoria's will according to
which she had left everything to
alicia's daughter nora nobody seems to
be able to believe it as victoria never
even met nora in the meantime nora finds
her way to victoria's room and starts
talking to her as if her grandmother is
having a conversation with her michael
then comes into the room and takes nora
out of the room when nora asks him why
fran is missing a finger he says it must
have been an accident after the lawyer
leaves alicia who's seething with anger
stands with the rest of the family
trying to figure out why her mother did
that alicia's uncle tells her that her
mother was not a bad woman but the death
of her husband affected her in a very
bad way making her act strange he then
suggests that leaving all her assets to
nora must be victorious attempt to
reconcile with alicia but alisha tells
him there's no way that's possible as
her mother never tried to make things
right with her while she was okay
noticing the anger and disrespecting
alicia's tone for her mother her uncle
berates her and tells her to respect her
mother a little alicia refuses to change
her tone saying she can never forget
what her mother did to her and her
sister she then angrily tells fran to
tell his father what victoria did to him
but the terrified friend turns away and
does not utter a word later that night
michael tells alicia that he found a job
at the nearby fishpond he tells her
though he's not fond of that job he has
to start it since there's no requirement
of an electrician in the area and the
family needs money in her bedroom nora
is shown who cuts some of her hair and
puts it inside the spider locket the
next day at school the girl from nora's
dream approaches her and introduces
herself as luna since nora does not have
any friends at school and is considered
weird she starts spending time with luna
sarah later asked alicia not to leave
her alone and stay with her while
they're talking alicia hears the screams
of nora through the intercom and rushes
to a room when they reach the room they
find the room locked alarmed alicia
sends sarah to get something to open the
door inside the room a chandelier falls
to the ground and the shattered pieces
of glass start flying around cutting
through nora's skin the other furnitures
in the room also start moving on its own
sarah returns with an axe and they break
open the door to find nora passed out on
the floor alicia then takes her daughter
to her room sarah finds a spider locket
under nora's pillow and tells alicia to
keep an eye on her daughter she tells
her that their mother might want to take
nora to the mirror alicia who had
blocked out this memory is reminded by
sarah that their mother took them both
along with their cousin fran to her room
after making them understand the meaning
of death she told them that she will not
die unless she decides that she now
wants to she then made them look into
the mirror which shown them as old
wrinkly people the children got
terrified by this and ran away after
remembering this alicia gets extremely
angry and goes to victoria's room and
unplugs her life support sarah tries to
prevent her from doing so but alicia
doesn't stop meanwhile michael comes
into the room and hastily plugs the life
support again alicia tells michael that
she wants to leave at once the three of
them then go to the garden and burn all
of victorious witchcraft things
including the skull of the reindeer they
found in that room among the other
witchcraft things nora is shown watching
them burning all these things nora later
asked alicia what they were burning
alicia tells her that they just burned
some trash alicia then makes nora
promise that she will never set foot in
her grandmother's room again after that
nora tells alicia that she has lost
something but does not tell her what it
was later we see luna walking over the
burning hot ashes in the garden towards
a deer skull she picks it up raising it
over her head and starts walking while
talking in victoria's voice michael then
tells alicia that he found a job as an
electrician at nora's school while she's
putting a witch mask away at her
workplace sarah gets a flashback in
which victoria emits a ritual pulls a
tooth from sarah's mouth and puts it
inside the spider locket nora is later
seen sitting with luna who returns the
spider locket to her luna tells her to
wear it as her grandmother would want
her to she then leaves after saying that
grandmothers want the best for their
grandchildren after returning to the
house sarah tells alicia that she thinks
victoria used the spider locket to
control the children now that the spider
locket was found from nora's room she
tells her that their mother might be
trying to control nora through it alicia
then tries to look for the spider locket
but is not able to find it the next day
at school a girl bullies nora calling
her weird and making fun of her family
nora gets up from her seat and
repeatedly stamps the bully's hand with
a compass before throwing her to the
ground and starting to punch her face
violently her teacher manages to pull
her away from the blood spattered child
with difficulty nora's parents are then
called to the school who aren't able to
believe that their daughter beats
someone up this violently saying nora
can never do this the teacher tells them
that she also thought so but she's seen
her do this nora is then suspended from
the school for a few days after coming
home nora goes out into the garden and
starts hanging out with luna when sarah
returns from work she finds nora in the
house luna emerges from the back and
intimidatingly starts advancing towards
sarah talking to her in victoria's voice
sarah asks her if she's her mother but
she makes the drawers fall on her which
throws her to the ground luna then tells
her that she knows where the spider
locket she's looking for is when sarah
asked where it is she tells her that
it's buried in the garden she then
commands her to go out and start digging
sarah starts to dig as the girl's watch
once she's dug up an area the size of a
grave nora shows her the spider locket
that's hanging around her neck asking
her if she's looking for it in a
taunting way sarah starts to cry and
asks nora why she's doing this she then
grabs luna's legs in rage and starts
pulling her into the grave but nora hits
her over the head with a shovel making
her lose consciousness briefly victoria
then suddenly appears and kills sarah by
hitting her face repeatedly with the
shovel meanwhile nora's parents are
shown who are worriedly looking for
their daughter who they aren't able to
find luna takes north of victoria's room
and tells her to complete the link when
noor hesitates luna tells her that her
parents will never love her after
learning that she killed her aunt after
this emotional blackmail luna makes nora
look into victoria's eyes which makes a
black liquid appear on her face that
slowly enters her body through her holes
michael and alicia later return to find
nora safe and sound at their house when
they ask where she's been she tells them
that she went to the ocean the couple
then starts looking for sarah but she is
nowhere to be found when the dog starts
sniffing the ground with the girls
buried sarah nora kicks the dog's face
scaring it away alicia comes out after
seeing this and asks nora why she kicked
the dog nora looks her in the eye and
says the dog was damaging the flowers
the couple reports sarah missing after
they're unable to find her later at
night while the dog is sniffing the
ground where sarah's corpse was buried
nora goes to it with an axe and brutally
kills it nor then smears the dog's blood
on her face looking up at the sky thus
it becomes clear that the little girl is
no longer nora but a brutal villain in
the body of a child the next day alicia
sends the nurse back home when she comes
for her shift after michael and nora
leave she goes to victoria's room and
forces open the cupboard victoria had
always kept locked inside she finds a
blood spattered dress victorious in a
little box when she opens the box she
finds free spider lock is inside inside
one of the lockets she finds sarah's
tooth she finds her toenail in the other
which victoria had brutally ripped off
when she was a child and in the last one
she finds fran's chopped off finger
while she's observing these things in
horror nora returns from the school and
walks up the bathroom she walks to
victoria's bedside and unplugs the life
support she then starts talking in
victoria's voice and tells alicia that
she no longer requires her old body
alarmed alicia plugs in the life support
again after realizing that once the
older body is dead completely victoria
will take over the body of her daughter
norah then tells alicia that if she
mentions this to michael she will kill
him and leave the room when michael
returns from work nora acts completely
normal greeting him with a hug as they
sit to a meal together alicia starts
talking about the death of her father
saying nora needs to know about it nora
starts seething with anger as soon as
alicia starts talking about this alicia
proceeds to tell them about that
incident saying after her father
returned from a journey and greeted his
wife whom he loved very much he came to
see both his girls sarah and alicia
sarah went down to the basement to give
her father a surprise but he died that
day in the basement sarah led her father
down the basement after her but their
father died in the basement that day
alicia then tells him that victoria
always blamed her and her sister for her
husband's death nora yells at alicia
saying she's lying and leaves the table
in rage this ends up angering michael
who then tells alicia that they are
leaving the house as soon as his work at
the school is done nora goes to lay down
with her grandmother in her band
victoria who now seems to be completely
fine and conversing with her normally
tells her while moving her fingernail on
her thigh that she does not wish to kill
alicia instead she will take away her
family and make her suffer all her life
as she looks at the face of her daughter
knowing that it's no longer her alicia
who's listening to this conversation
through the intercom in victoria's room
panics and calls michael asking him to
return immediately but his phone isn't
with him at that time after that alicia
goes into victoria's room but she finds
no one there she then hears some sounds
from the attic and goes up there she
sees the deer hand on the table up in
the attic before victoria suddenly comes
in front of her the floor beneath alicia
breaks and she falls down getting
injured badly in the meantime michael
returns to the house he sees nora and
asks her where her mother is nora does
not say a word standing there in a
strange way and points to the basement
here we learn how victoria's husband had
died that day as michael descends the
stairs we're shown victoria's husband
descending the basement stairs as well
while going down he finds the deer skull
on the stairs and stops in front of it
alicia grabs his feet from below to
surprise him but he stumbles and falls
making one of the deer horns pierce
through his throat victoria comes
running in there and starts crying after
seeing the lifeless body of her husband
she then sees alicia's face covered in
her father's blood and starts wailing
loudly michael is then shown who falls
down the basement stairs as noor stands
up there apologizing to him saying it
was alicia's fault when alicia wakes up
after that fall she sees noah lying down
in victoria's bed on life support she
rushes to her and tries to wake her up
victoria emerges from under the bed and
starts strangling alicia michael who
appears to have made it through the fall
alive comes into the room and pulls
victoria off of alicia he then starts
attacking her with a knife wounding her
badly victoria however overpowers him
once more and grabs his finger and thumb
starting to pull them apart tearing his
muscles alicia pushes victoria away
saving michael michael then grabs the
knife again and attacks victoria alicia
begs michael not to kill victoria as she
knows when she's gone she'll take over
nora michael who doesn't know this
disregards her request and finishes
victoria off thinking alicia is asking
him to stop just because she's her
mother as soon as victoria dies nora
jumps at michael from the back and
starts biting into his neck michael
struggles against her and ends up
throwing her out the window nora's
lifeless body is then seen on the ground
outside the house alicia who's unable to
bear the loss of her daughter starts
trying to revive victoria thinking it
might bring her daughter back as well
victoria then starts breathing and so
does nora later both nora and victoria
are seen at the hospital on life support
and angry alicia tells her comatose
mother at the hospital that she will
never see nora again then we see nora
zone at the hospital near victoria's bed
with victoria's husband standing near
the door nora tells her grandmother that
she has to let go of her and go with her
grandfather she tells her that heaven
according to her grandfather is a very
good experience thus she should go there
with her grandfather and look over nora
after this nora unplugs the life support
keeping her grandmother alive she then
bids her grandmother goodbye and turns
to leave but as soon as she turns
instead of her grandfather she sees a
terrifying demon standing at the door
victoria then grabs nora by the throat
and starts strangling her back at the
hospital nora wakes up from her coma and
looks at her parents who are very happy
to have their daughter back nora tells
her parents that she loves them very
much after that through the missing
person posters on the wall we learned
that luna has also gone missing luna's
corpse is then shown in the water in the
garden where she used to hang out with
nora after being discharged from the
hospital nora is shown in the car with
her parents who are leaving the place
nora slides her fingernail on the car
seat just the way victoria always used
to do thus it becomes clear that her
body is just a vessel possessed by
victoria